hey everyone so for today's look I'm
doing princess jasmine from aladdin and
I based her look off of her outfit
obviously I'm such just like blues and
purples and Greek eilers as well as some
gold which represents her jewelry so the
first thing I did was a platter farmer
and this just stops your eyeshadows from
creasing if you have oily lids it works
amazingly farmhand then I used a white
base because I figured it would make all
the colors stand out more if I just used
like a purple or blue would only make
certain colors pop and this wouldn't
alter any of them then i use the 120
palette i just figured that was easy
because most people have that so in the
second layer of shadows the green that
is six and in the second row is the one
that I used looks really blew on camera
but it's definitely green and I used it
all along the inner third of my eye and
then I use the blue color that's to /
from that in the center and after that
we're in the middle of my eye bit
overlapping on to the grain and a bit
into the outer third earth where I
wanted the next color to be so that they
blend flawlessly then i use the purple
um which is the second color and in the
next row down and i use that on the very
outer part so you can see how the colors
kind of blend seamlessly then going to
the top layer i use the blue that's in
the second row second from the right and
i just use that on angle brush I've kind
of encircle door in case to my shadow
with that color I just find that it
works beautifully with this look and it
was really easy to blend out and it kind
of you know goes with all of them and
also attempt it tones it down a bit
because it's a matte color and the rest
are relation then it for my inner corner
highlight i used the bottom left corner
color um from the second row or sheet
sorry of colors and i just put that on
before blending and then I took the
exact opposite to that the very top left
as my under bra bond highlight and the
reason I places first is because it
makes blending a lot easier when there's
something to blend into
so that was kind of as he read there
then after that I moved on to the gold
that's underneath the eye so I just
placed pure gold which is another cream
shadow by next right underneath my eye
um and this was more like a bronzy gold
and then i used the bright gold from the
palate isn't the first layer of color is
the second to last I'm row and third
from the right then I is the elf liquid
liner and I did a really dramatic lang
um I went all the way up to where the
color ends and then I'm i winged it out
obviously that's worth something and I'm
and I just aligned the rest of my eye
with that um and then you know I thought
I'd mix it up a bit and use a black on
my tech line of water line instead of
white which is very standard for me and
so I just need to black pencil and I
lined those um and I don't know I wasn't
too sure what how it looked but it
definitely was more jasmine so you know
gotta go with it there and then I used
my scare primer which I don't really
think I'd like all that much but I
haven't used it enough to know but I'll
let you guys know in a future video so i
just use that and then a combination of
two mascaras that i find together give
good volume but on their own they're not
so not so fabulous ok so i put that on
and then that was it um i just filled in
my brows because i find that completes
any luck I'm and yes the bar color
doesn't matter that's because it matches
my hair not my eyebrow here my actual
hair hair cuz it's died ok so that's it
that's a finished product I hope you
guys like it and I will see you guys to
the next tutorial don't forget to leave
your comments below on who you would
like to see next and i'll see you guys
later bye
you